RookNFS integration (#8)
stackhpc/slurm-docker-cluster: README.md

* login
* mysql
* slurmdbd
* slurmctld
* slurmd (2 replicas by default)

The Helm chart will create the following named volumes:

* var_lib_mysql     ( -> /var/lib/mysql )

> A named RWM volume mounted to `/home` is also expected, this can be external or can be deployed using the scripts in the `/nfs` directory (See "Deploying the Cluster")

Reviewer: According to https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/#access-modes this is termed RWX. I'd make it clear that's important:
> A named ReadWriteMany (RWX) volume ...

```
This generates a set of secrets. If these need to be regenerated, see "Reconfiguring the Cluster"

> An RWM volume is required, if a named volume exists, set `nfs.claimName` in the `values.yaml` file to its name. If not, manifests to deploy a Rook NFS volume are provided in the `/nfs` directory. You can deploy this by running

Reviewer: See above

```console
/nfs/deploy-nfs.sh
```

> and leaving `nfs.claimName` as the provided value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and leaving `nfs.claimName` as the provided value.
```

> To access the cluster via `ssh`, you will need to make your public keys available. Do this by running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the cluster via `ssh`, you will need to make your public keys available. All your public keys from localhost can be added by running
```
